queens have the very best clothes
and live in the very best houses
quite often
they have extremely large hats
john and colleagues sometimes wear a
turban that was half as tall as he
wasn't maya kings would wear feather
headdresses that were often several
times bigger than their hats
even when they weren't big royal hats
were often extremely expensive on
important occasions for instance the
queen of england wears a hat that would
probably be worth billions of dollars
if you could buy it which of course you
can't
every year tourists walk to england and
visit the tower of london and stare at
the crown jewels which are
very large pieces of extremely rare
polished rock nothing's ruby's emeralds
set in hats or
crowns
that the royal family has kept for
generations
everyone likes to fantasize about
someone stealing the crown jewels but
as you might guess it would be very
difficult
since the queen keeps a small army who
are called beefeaters just to protect
her hats
the only people who can really get away
with stealing kings or queen's hats
or the robes or orbs or necklaces or
scepters or other very important objects
that royal people always seem to keep
around
are others kings and queens
for instance the largest diamond in the
world called the coinur which is now one
of the crown jewels
was frequently stolen from from each
other by kings and emperors in india
some of whom would occasionally wear it
but otherwise keep it guarded somewhere
and not tell anyone where
and others never were at all since they
were afraid another king would steal it
eventually england conquered india and
took it away and gave it to queen
victoria
if you think about it though only a king
can really steal another king's things
because otherwise
how would he stop them from taking it
back
of course you could hide it somewhere
but
then you'd be like a dragon sitting on a
horde of treasure that no one ever got
to see
what's the fun of that
still a lot of people like to fantasize
about king kingly things
um
kingly things that are so very kingly
that if you somehow got hold of them
you'd be instantly turned into a king or
queen yourself
that's why we have legends like king
arthur and excalibur whoever holds the
sword becomes king
we don't know of any kingdoms that
really work like that still everybody
loves stories like that just like
everybody loves to think sometimes
someone might steal the crown jewels
why
well maybe stories like that are a way
to ask questions no one knows how to
answer
like
do people obey a king because he's king
or is he king these people obey him
was louis the 14th or sulaiman the
magnificent really a king
or just some guy dressed as a king
well either way the letter would be the
case
is there really any difference